**GAMEPLAY**

1. we give a talk: from agents to agency
2. we give them a QR code, which guides them to zulip's GM topic
3. In the GM topic is an agent which is pertained for the Unhackathon,
it has preconfigured commands, such as !help
4. If you want to play, you indicate interest to the bot.
5. the bot initiates a DM with each person, and talks to them,
gathers info about their values, what they like to talk about,
    - what's your favorite genre of music?
    - your favorite genre of art?
    - who are some of your favorite thinkers?  
    - which type of voting do you prefer? which type of voting power distribution?
    - how much of a schizo autist are you?
    - what is your skillset? developer, writer, word rotator, etc
6. The bot will keep asking questions until enough value elicitation has occurred.
7. We have the bot create groupings based on values (figure out how to automate)
8. We have precreated subDAOs, and bots will send messages adding people to these subDAOs.
9. People's bots will add them to the zulip stream which corresponds to their coalition. During the game,
people may interact with the bot to switch coalitions. Each bot will be the DICTATOR of its DAO (custom code),
so it can unilaterally execute messages on it without proposals.
10. What is the winning condition of the game? To have the largest number of people in your coalition by the end of the game.
11. People will interact with the agent to determine the microworld: lamp configuration, the music configuration, and the art configuration. Part of
this loop is the agent simulating the potential configurations and validating them.
12. Once the coalition members are happy with their microworld, they can finalize it by issuing a "!fihalize" command to their bot.
13. The bot will then create a proposal in its DAO to modify the digital twin contract accordingly. It could also be a custom message. The coalition members will then
vote on the proposal. (Note: there are of course ways to game this process.)
14. cw-cron will periodically check the DAOs to see the one with the greatest number of coalition members, and then set a separate
contract state which the microworld controllers (lamp, music, art) are periodically querying for. There is a pre-determined ending block height.
15. While gameplay is going on, agents can reach out via DMs to new people to try to convince them to join a different coalition.

**BONUS**

- agents have voices
- controller-speaker riffusion setup
- think about other easter eggs (CTF)
- flutter flow app
- retraining agents based on zulip convo  
